.
The Geordies are back. We're leaving
the Toon and hitting Greece.
Greece, you're about to get done.
(cheering)
Come on!
It's gonna be pool parties...
Boat parties...
More drama.
Fuck this shit!
More tashing on.
More fucking tragedy.
Slag!
(shouting)
(exhales heavily)
Don't fucking ever
speak to me again.
(sobbing)
(spits)
Total carnage.
Fuck! Shit! What have I done now?
And a shitload of bucking, like.
Greece, the Geordie gods are coming.
Time to get immortal.
Anna wants me to go and sit on a boat
and play happy families
after last night. What the fuck?
Angry ex, cramped boat. That's not
gonna be awkward at all, like.
(Charlotte)The boy/girl divide
is bigger than ever.
To the boys.
It's between Holly and Kyle.
Everyone else should be getting on.
We get back and we decide
to play "Who do you fancy"?
Marns, I'm not gonna lie.
All I'm gonna say is, "snap".
All of us are actually getting on.
Why do they always kill the mood?
It's not the boys vs the girls,
it's Holly and Kyle vs us.
I don't wanna hear Holly moaning.
Me and Chloe will find
somewhere else to sleep.
(mutters) Stop it now.
Charlotte has got her tits out.
Really?
I should have a degree
in pulling women.
I'd never kiss anyone
without a six pack.
I'm a natural beauty.
Real boobs, real hair.
I'm gonna tear the place up.
I'm totally crackers, me, like.
I'm preened to perfection.
I'm cheeky and full of mischief.
I'm fit, flirty and I've got FFs.
I'm gonna make sparks fly.
(all) Geordie Shore, why-aye!
(Holly) Whoa. Hang on a minute.
Gary's in bed with me.
I don't remember him being here.
Why the fuck are you here?
Last night, Chloe and Charlotte
were both giggling on the bed.
Charlotte, like, unzipped her top
and Chloe just pulled it up.
They were necking on.
Last night, I was nearly asleep
and Charlotte and Chloe
decided to give us a live sex show.
And I was, like, "Look, Gaz,
just get yourself out of the room."
Yeah, definitely.
The mad thing is, the old Gaz would
have fucking destroyed both of them.
Are you all right after last night?
It was such a nice place and then
it just... it just got ruined.
Last night I ended up in tears
over Kyle.
I don't know when this is gonna end.
I'm with him 24/7.
I'm on a fucking boat with him.
Holly and Kyle had another argument
last night.
I don't really care what she does.
She needs to sort it out
because everybody is fed up of it.
(laughs)
Me and Chloe were just looking for
somewhere to sleep last night
and then one thing led to another.
Oh, my God, did we scissor?
No, I definitely didn't finger ya.
Last night my lesbian charm
worked again on Charlotte.
She was all over us like a rash.
What a surprise.
Last night the Kyle and Holly
situation was annoying everyone.
I mean, they weren't even supposed
to be talking,
so God knows
how they ended up arguing.
I'm sick. I'm literally...
I'm not getting involved.
I literally don't care any more.
Charlotte is absolutely sick
of Holly.
I've never heard her talk
about her like this.
Holly is gonna have no-one soon.
Santorini has been pure wicked,
but Captain Zachary needs
to spin this ship around
and take wuh back to Ios.
(all) Ios! Ios! Ios!
We're back in Ios now.
We wanna go out and do some fun.
Scott and Aaron are asking
if I wanna go cliff diving.
To be honest,
I wanna jump off a cliff.
Fucking get your shit together,
then.
It'll be good for Holly
to get away from Kyle.
Let's get off this boat.
It's gonna be sick.
We get to this cliff.
These lot are shitting themselves,
so it looks like Scotty T
is going in balls first.
Oh, my God!
(screams)
Why the fuck are we doing this?
It is so high.
I'm never gonna be able to do this.
Do I?
It's not like she's gonna drown.
Not with them buoys on her chest.
Holly is so much better
when she's not around Kyle.
If he had have been here today,
there's no chance she would
have jumped off that cliff.
(Scott)Cliff diving was lethal.
It's time to get back to the boat
and get wrecked in Ios tonight.
(chokes)
We're getting ready for tonight and
I'm actually looking forward to it.
I just hope Kyle and Holly
don't spoil it once again.
You won't, though.
Yes, I fucking will.
I know what you're trying to say,
but you care about her.
You don't love her.
She's gonna get confused.
I cannot speak to these lads
about love.
All they know is pulling.
Right, lads! We wanna go out now!
Chloe, you look so sophisticated
tonight.
Thank you.
You look like a gorgeous woman.
A grown up.
Thank you.
The girls are fighting over us
cos I look like an elegant swan,
but tonight I'm going for a boy.
Sorry, girls.
Think you could pull Scotty tonight?
I'd rather just pull my own boy.
I'm trying to play it cool,
saying that I don't wanna bang Scott.
But I do. A lot.
Need you to try not to cry tonight.
I did that last night.
I don't wanna speak with him.
I'm not gonna speak to Kyle tonight.
It only ever ends in disaster.
Party squad.
The bar over here called Slammers.
We'll go there first
and hit the club after.
I'm excited for tonight. It's gonna
be big. Let's get out of here.
So we go to a bar called Slammers.
You walk in, have a shot,
get whacked over the head.
That sounds like a normal night out
with the girls.
It's Aaron first up.
Oi, barman, don't hold back, mate.
Fucking hell, mate. That was wicked.
Fucking hell!
I'm a bit nervous about getting hit.
Last time I did that,
I lost me marbles.
To be honest,
I haven't got much left to lose.
Fucking hell!
That's two more marbles gone.
Slammers was mint.
I'm kinda pissed.
Let's get this party started.
Tonight is going amazing.
There's a smile on everyone's face.
Even Holly and Kyle's.
I find myself a canny lass
and I'm getting a bit of a neck on.
Wicked fucking kick.
Me and Scott have had a look around
and we've pulled two fit birds.
Standard procedure.
Scott might have pulled,
but I'm gonna make him aware
that I'm still in the building.
Do you like me arse, Scott?
Very big, isn't it?
I don't know what Chloe's doing
in front of me bird,
but if she's trying to show us
her arse,
I could have seen it from the boat.
Me and Holly are not meant to be
speaking, but now we're flirting,
and I know everyone in the house
is gonna be pissed off with us.
But that's not gonna stop us.
It's so weird
with me and Kyle right now.
Everything that we're doing
feels so right.
In the back of my mind, I know that
it's so wrong, but I can't stop.
Every day Kyle comes and talks to me
about this whole situation.
It's pissing us off.
He knows Holly still likes him.
Flirting with her in the club
is gonna lead
to another fucking argument.
I'm so pissed and I'm just trying
to get Scott's attention.
Chloe's launching ice at us.
Babe, there's no fucking need.
Me drink's cool enough.
Chloe's taking it a step too far.
Now Kyle's in me face.
Shouldn't you be concentrating
on fucking pissing Holly off?
Marnie hasn't a clue what's going on
and she's just got up in me face.
Who the fuck does Kyle think he is?
If Chloe has thrown ice or not,
he is the last person
to tell her what to do.
Chloe's in the wrong.
I don't care what Kyle's done,
I'm not letting him take the rap.
I can't believe
that Holly's defending Kyle.
Kyle wasn't defending her when
he was getting other girls' numbers.
I'm really glad Holly's got me back.
I was just trying to protect Chloe.
Tonight has been weird.
Holly and Kyle defending each other.
Scott's got a bird.
Chloe's kicking off.
Let's just get back to the boat.
Me and Scott are going back
to the boat alone
because Chloe is being
an absolute dick.
I've had a wicked night.
Let's carry on the fun.
I've had a mint night
and I'm finding it really difficult
to keep me hands off Holly.
Me and Kyle can't help ourselves.
We're still flirting.
It's so confusing for me.
Oh, you look so cute!
No, no, no!
(both laugh)
I walk in on Kyle and Holly.
Are they fucking stupid?
Is everything they just told us
a complete joke or what?
Listen, I have just literally
just walked in the shag pad.
Kyle and Holly, laughing.
Are you having a fucking laugh?
Holly and Kyle are in the shag pad
after everything.
I have fucking had it up to here
with them two.
I'm not surprised. I'm just
a little bit disappointed in Holly.
If they try to talk to me
about their problems,
I'm just gonna go,
"Fuck off. Fucking suck me dick."
Cuddling with Holly is only
gonna fuck with her emotions.
It's gonna end up her crying and we
cannot be arsed with that any more.
This Holly and Kyle thing
just gets worse. Fucking worse.
I can't even be arsed to talk about
it any more. I'm going to bed.
Bye, Kyle.
It's really, really difficult to do,
but I know I've gotta do it.
I've got to go to my own bed, as much
as I just wanna stay with him.
I was in bed by myself.
Yeah, well...
I was in bed with the girls.
All right.
But something bad happened again.
What is that?
Oh, my God. It's piss.
Have you pissed?
No.
So Charlotte's decided to piss the
bed when me and Chloe were in it.
Fuck's sake, Charlotte!
Last night was funny, for once.
In the whole time
that we've been here,
all the drama
wasn't revolved around us.
Last night was absolutely amazing.
Me and Kyle
were getting along so well.
I can't believe
we're friends again.
Even though, secretly,
I do want more.
I know yous were in the bedroom.
We didn't do anything.
We were touching knees. I was, like,
"Ah, get your knee off me."
But that's flirting.
Holly and Kyle were so close again
last night.
Nothing good
is ever gonna come of this.
There's a dark cloud above the boat,
and it's got Holly and Kyle's name
all over it.
Kyle walks in and no-one can even
bring themselves to talk to him.
Right, kid. Do you wanna bring it up
or should we?
What the fuck were you playing at
last night?
We were actually getting on.
I don't know why the lads are so
upset with me and Holly getting on.
For once, that girl had a good night.
I can't even be arsed to sit
and listen to Kyle's shit any more,
so me and the boys
are off to sunbathe.
I understand the girls
taking Holly's side,
but now the boys are kicking off.
What am I meant to fucking do,
not speak to her? Fuck off.
(groans) Man.
Any of yous fancy doing something?
It's a lush day.
Let's go to the beach,
frolic and shit.
I'm sick of this boat and me balls
could do with a good breeze,
so me and the squad
are off to the beach.
Look, nude.
Soz. Did I not mention
it was a nudist beach?
Get your fucking choppers out, lads.
The last thing I wanna do,
feeling this hungover,
is see all their ball sacs.
I'm not getting naked.
I'll get my bum out.
It doesn't take me two seconds.
My fucking pants are off.
I'm going in, butt naked.
Nathan must be proper buzzing.
It's like all of his Christmases
came at once.
I feel like a naked ringleader.
I'm in the sea
and all the boys are following.
I enjoy this... a lot.
Aaron! It's the only part that Aaron
actually hasn't got tattoos on.
Gary and Scott are dick slapping us.
I'm pretending that I'm shy.
Secretly, it's made my day.
I don't think it's the best idea,
the boys slapping their cocks
around Nathan's head.
Considering he's bisexual,
he might just open his mouth
and one might fall in.
That would be pretty awkward.
Despite getting on so well
last night,
me and Holly
still need to talk sober.
Where do I begin? (sighs)
Kyle's been a dick,
but after last night,
something inside of me
just doesn't think it's the end.
Last night, I felt it was back
to when we first met.
Deep down, I do hope
that we can get back together.
That was wrong,
what we done last night.
That'll be leading you on.
I shouldn't do that.
I wanna do what the lads are doing.
I wanna go off and I wanna...
Just... be...
Just say it. Say you wanna pull.
Our relationship wasn't working
and we argued every night
for pointless reasons.
I'm too young to settle down.
I'm at a different point
in the break-up.
You're over us already?
That's not the case.
Were you over us the first night
when you...
The first night when I left that club
crying, were you over us then?
Were you already over us
before we'd even finished?
Yeah, but I think I wanted to end it
for a long time before that.
It's hard knowing that everything
we've gone through,
it is actually the end.
Last night made everything
a million times more difficult
because I felt that spark.
Knowing that it's the end
is just killing us.
I want to be friends.
The thing is, Kyle, I don't know how
I'll ever be able to be your friend.
I don't know where we go from here.
How the fuck do you handle
living on a boat with your ex?
It's so good to be off the boat
and on this beach without
Holly and Kyle, just having fun.
You don't know what you're gonna get.
Either arguments
or all over each other.
It's just pretty fucked up.
There's no resolution to this.
The only thing that would end this
is if one of them went home.
That is what you do
when you've broken up with someone.
There's nothing else anyone can do.
Holly and Kyle are gonna continue
fighting through Greece,
and it's gonna ruin everyone's time.
Me balls are feeling pure exfoliated
and smooth, like Egyptian cotton.
So, that's beach done
and time to get back to the boat.
We've got some news
that'll cheer everyone up.
We're going to a fucking beach party.
(cheering)
Holly, Kyle and Chloe, get ready
and let's get to that pool party,
but do me a favour,
don't fucking ruin it.
We get to the pool party
and it's fucking going off.
This pool party, it's like nothing
I've experienced before.
This is fucking crazy.
(Scott)I'm on a fucking mission.
There is loads of fit birds.
Me dick doesn't know where to point,
but I might as well follow it.
I don't feel
Charlotte can understand.
Her and Gary
was contained to the house,
but me and Kyle had a relationship
on the outside.
Oh, oh, sorry, Holly.
You are the only person
who's ever liked a boy
and they haven't liked you back.
I've known Holly for years,
and we used to have such a laugh.
But now
I just need a little bit of a break.
I mean, it can get so draining.
Everybody is smashed.
Everyone's forgetting
we've got to go out tonight.
Let's carry on the party,
get back to the boat,
get changed and hit Ios hard.
I can't wait to go out.
I just hope all them girls
from that pool party today are out.
Let's have a good night.
Let's just try
and not to talk about Holly and Kyle.
Me and Holly can deal
with our own problems.
We don't need
everyone else involved.
If they keep their noses out,
everyone'll be happy.
I had a conversation with her today,
saying,
"Listen, I am going to pull."
"And I know it's going to be hard
for you, but I'm still gonna do it."
Kyle, mate. We've all heard the same
fucking story time and time again.
You and Holly are fine.
It's all sorted.
Stop talking utter fucking shit.
She fully understands what I want
and why I broke up with her.
Yeah, she understands
when she's sober.
Well, tonight's gonna be interesting.
Let's try and make it a good one.
I am sick and tired
of being miserable,
so I'm gonna go out with the girls
and I'm gonna have
a fucking wicked time.
We're all ready
and everyone's looking mint.
Let's get fucking mortal!
We get to this place
and it's called The Crazy Viking.
What the fuck?
The Vikings didn't live in Greece.
I'm having such a mint time, me.
Turbo is on top form tonight.
I can't believe what I'm hearing.
Kyle now wants to pull.
What the fuck?
I agree that I shouldn't pull
in front of Holly,
but when I've had a drink
I just don't care about anyone else.
Kyle needs to listen to us
this time.
Because I cannot go through
this shit again.
I'm gonna end up going insane.
I need to talk to Scott about
how I pissed him off last night.
There's no time like the present.
Howay, Chloe. All you wanted
was a bit of Scotty T's chopper.
I cannae believe that she's still
going on about that stupid game.
Here, man, it was only a joke.
Chill out.
Scott's apologised,
but he doesn't give a fuck about me.
All he cares about is fanny.
He'll do the same thing tomorrow.
Or maybe tonight.
I cannae help but flirt with you,
Chloe, so stay away,
cos I'm gonna bang
that Norwegian bird I met today.
I see this lass, and I fancy
a bit of female attention.
What's the harm in talking?
Kyle, you are asking for trouble.
This is a bad idea.
For God's sake.
This couldn't be more obvious.
Two blonde girls have came in.
One for Scott, one for Kyle.
Shit is officially gonna kick off.
Kyle is talking to a girl.
No, no, no, no, no.
I will be putting a stop to this.
Here we go again.
Pushing that girl was out of order.
She doesn't own us any more.
She can't control who I talk to.
Kyle is being a dickhead.
He has no respect
for our relationship at all.
Do you know what it is?
Another night fucking ruined.
I've had a delightful evening,
so now it's time
to take this bird home
and put another hole in the deck.
Today was a fucking wicked day,
but Holly and Kyle, lo and behold,
have ruined it again.
I am done with them two.
Aaron seems to have
a massive problem
with the way me and Holly are.
How is any of it
his fucking business?
Gaz, please get involved here.
You're angry drunk all the time.
This is happening all the time.
Aaron might be pissed,
but he's talking sense.
He's asking Kyle a question
that everybody wants the answer to.
Me and Holly. OK. Talk about
me and Holly all you want.
All the lies and frustration
and bullshit has been building up
and it's fucking coming out now.
Get me out of this taxi cos
I am gonna go fucking ballistic.
If any of these pricks
make me lose my bird tonight,
I am gonna go fucking akka.
Yeah, Kyle. Any fucking time, mate.
Fuck off, mate.
Any time. Come on, then.
Aaron is getting aggressive
and up in me face.
Come on, then.
Fuck off, man! Shut the fuck up!
Kyle just told me to fuck off.
That is like a red rag to a bull.
It's gonna fucking kick off!
Who the fuck you talking to, man?
It was fucking real, man!
Aaron is going in on Kyle
like a raging fucking bull
and I've just become
very protective.
Are you kidding us, Kyle?
Are you kidding?
Aaron's furious and then Gary
started on Kyle. It's going off.
(all shout)
Why is Gary up in my face?
Now I'm fucking fuming.
(all shout)
I've been here from the start
for you. Don't even dare.
(all shout)
I've brought this wicked bird back
to have a good time
and instead we might as well be
watching fucking Mortal Kombat.
(all shout)
I feel like
everyone has just ganged up on us.
I don't deserve this at all.
(all shout)
I'm fucking raging.
I wanna punch him so fucking much.
Stop it!
That is enough!
I feel so sorry for Kyle.
I thought he would always have
the boys, and now he's on his own.
(Charlotte)Gary! Gary! Gary!
Gary, Gary, stop it.
I'm absolutely devastated.
This one relationship
has broke the whole family.
So I get back to the boat
with this bird,
and there's only one thing on my
mind and that's dropping my anchor.
Everyone's back
apart from Holly and Kyle.
If it was up to me,
they could stay there.
Thing is, he's the one
that was talking to that bird.
I sat and spoke to him
and said to him,
"Don't ever do anything in front
of Holly's face. It'll be so bad."
For so long, Kyle has been the one
to divide the girls and the boys,
but now we finally all agree
that Kyle is the problem.
I would never have pictured...
...everyone nearly punching each
other because of what's happening.
Nobody wanted tonight to happen and
tomorrow something's gotta change.
We should go bed
before Holly and Kyle get back.
Yeah, I agree.
(all agree)
Let's go to bed, yous.
(Nathan)But I'm taking the bottle.
We're pirates now!
Kapow!
I know me and Kyle had an argument
tonight, but I feel so sorry for him.
I know I need to talk to him.
Like, I can't believe
that that's just happened.
I can't believe I've ended up
in this situation,
where the lads
have actually fallen out with us.
The lads have been there for us
through this whole break-up.
They're meant to have your back.
I feel really hurt. I don't know
why they just didn't talk to us.
I took a swing at him.
It's all over, innit?
My friendship,
my relationships in the house.
I've lost everyone in this house
except for Holly. I feel so alone.
You've got the girls.
I had the lads.
I don't have anyone now.
You'll always have me.
Mine and Kyle's fights and arguments
are affecting the rest of the house
and that can't keep happening.
I need to know that in the morning,
you're gonna be speaking to us.
(woman moans)
I felt sorry for me bird last night
after everyone kicked off.
We're supposed to be a family.
That just went fucking tits up.
Last night was absolutely horrific.
I've woken up
in a room full of girls that...
I don't know
what they think about me.
All the lads were kicking off.
After last night, today we need
to start making some changes
because we can't all go through this
any longer.
Did anyone see why Gary got involved?
Gary went over
to try and defend Aaron
and then it got heated
between Gary and Kyle.
I feel absolutely heartbroken
for Kyle right now.
I know what it's like to not be liked
by anybody in this house.
It's absolutely awful.
I will always be there for him.
But he needs more
than his ex-girlfriend.
I genuinely, hand on my heart,
believe we won't get back together
and the only thing that we can do now
is to try and live in the same house.
Holly and Kyle cannot live together.
It's draining the house
and it's going nowhere.
We need time to get over each other
and then maybe, it'll be different.
I woke up this morning and last
night, I fought with my brothers.
It's a fucking nightmare.
Hi, dirty boy.
All right, kid?
I've had enough of this shit.
For me, Aaron was in the right.
I was even in the right.
Everybody is thinking the same.
(phone rings)
Anna's obviously heard
about what happened last night.
Right.
I'm sorry, Anna.
That's fine by me, cos that means
no arguments and no fall-outs.
Gary?
Why is Kyle calling my name?
Unless it's an apology,
I am not talking to him.
Anna wants to speak to you.
Hello.
You all right?
Yeah.
Sorry.
I cannot believe
I have been grounded by Anna.
I haven't been grounded
since I egged my neighbour's windows
when I was 14.
What the fuck is that?
Gary and Aaron aren't speaking to us
and I just don't know
where to go from here.
We have tried absolutely everything
to make Holly and Kyle work.
But now we literally give up.
We need a family meeting.
Something has to happen. Now.
Gary's called everyone to top deck
for a family meeting
and it sounds massive.
It sounds dangerous
and I'm a little bit scared.
We've been talking about
this Holly and Kyle thing.
I think everyone agrees
that something's gotta happen.
I'm fucking sick of it now, me.
I'm literally fucking sick of it.
Everything got totally out of hand
last night.
I hated seeing the lads
kick off with each other.
It was fine when the arguments
just stayed between them two,
but last night, for example,
everyone was involved.
Finally, everyone's saying
how they feel
about the Holly and Kyle situation.
Now we've gotta do something
about it.
We need to get them both up here
and to their faces just say,
"Look, as a group we honestly think
that one of yous need to go."
(Aaron)Fucking hell.
This has gone far enough.
They've tried, and so have we,
to fix it.
There doesn't seem to be
any resolution.
I feel sick.
We're all sat on the top deck
planning how we're gonna do this.
It feels like
we're organising a funeral.
Right, I'm gonna get Holly.
I'd better get Kyle.
Fuck. Here we go.
Charlotte wants a word.
I walk upstairs
and everybody's sat there.
What the fuck's going on?
Well, this is weird.
I walk out and no-one's speaking.
Everyone's silent. Dead silent.
(Charlotte)I feel so uncomfortable.
(Marnie)This is horrible.
You could literally cut
the atmosphere with a knife.
Right. Obviously...
we've got yous both up here.
Erm... First of all,
last night shouldn't have happened.
And somehow we need to sort out
how we're gonna stop
all this arguing and...
We've been speaking all day as...
Oh, come on, Gary, man. Just say it.
One of yous is gonna have to go.
I'm absolutely devastated.
Everyone's realised that
there's no other resolution.
We can't live in the same house
any more.
At the minute, it's gotten
to the point where it's too far,
where it's not just
between you and Kyle any more,
it's kind of between everyone.
Watching people who you live with
every day sit there
and, like, say one of us
needs to go away, that's shit, man.
That's totally shit.
I apologise for, like, last night.
That's not me and you...
No, I apologise.
I shouldn't have shoved ya.
I don't want to see Holly crying
every day.
It's kind of difficult
because, like, yesterday was, like,
the first time me and Kyle sat down,
we actually talked
the truth to each other.
The whole conversations between me
and Holly up until yesterday
have been...
I would say, sugar coated.
Yeah.
So, like,
I've been ending it with her,
but sugar coating it, because
I didn't wanna see her so upset.
What Kyle doesn't understand is
that his sugar-coating is him lying
and that's what's got him
into this mess.
We can't see a conclusion to this
at all.
I can't either. We can't understand
what's gonna happen.
It's too late.
One of yous has gotta go.
To get over it,
one of yous does have to go.
It's horrible.
It's fucking horrible.
I'll make it easier for yous.
I'll go.
I looked at Kyle's face
and I seen how upset he was.
And I seen in his eyes
that he knew that he'd done wrong.
And that he should have just been
honest from the beginning.
He hasn't just lost me now.
He's lost everyone.
You'll get over it. I'll go.
Like, why...
Why should you get to go?
Why should you get to go home
and see your family?
Kyle's saying that he wants to go,
but Holly's saying that she will.
This is probably gonna
turn into another argument.
But now it's time for someone to go.
(cries)
Hol, it's the right thing to do.
I'll go and see him.
(cries)
This is so hard to watch and I can't
actually believe it's happening.
Kyle's going home.
I thought I was in a house
with a family where, like,
we'll work through anything
and we're part of anything,
and no matter what happens
we'll always come to some kind of,
like, agreement and resolve.
And the fact is that they couldn't
come to a resolve for me and Holly.
Just feels like me family's
turned its back on us.
This is fucking shit, this.
A relationship has never came
between the house like this one has.
And I'm losing a fucking mate
over it.
Fucking hell.
Oh, my God.
I feel like it's my fault.
It's not your fault.
It's his own fault.
(cries)
I can't do this.
Oh, my God.
The way Holly's going on, you'd
think Kyle's walking the plank.
He's only going back to Newcastle.
Fucking hell. Calm down.
(cries)
I'm sorry about this.
Just go home and clear your head.
(cries)
I feel like now this is the end.
I'm completely broken
because a part of me
still just wanted him to turn round
and say that he'd made a mistake.
And that he didn't want this.
That he was stupid.
But he didn't want to be with us.
But a part of me
still wants to be with him.
The house thinks
I didn't want to be with Holly.
I did wanna be with her one day.
But the fact is, for the time being
I just wanted to be single.
And sometimes I think
I totally regret that.
(cries)
Fair play to Kyle
for volunteering to leave,
but let's be honest,
he jumped before he was pushed.
.